then he brought me into the sanctuary
and measured the doorposts six cubits
wide on one side and six cubits wide on
the other side the width of the
tabernacle the width of the entryway was
10 cubits and the sidewalls of the
entrance were five cubits on this side
and five cubits on the other side and he
measured its length 40 cubits and its
width 20 cubits also we went inside and
measured the doorposts two cubits and
the entrance six cubits high and the
width of the entrance seven cubits he
measured the length 20 cubits and the
width 20 cubits beyond the sanctuary and
he said to me this is the most holy
place next he measured the wall of the
temple six cubits the width of each side
chamber all around the temple was four
cubits on every side the side chambers
were in three stories one above the
other thirty chambers in each story they
rested on ledges which were for the side
chambers all around that they might be
supported but not fastened to the wall
of the temple as one went up from story
to story the side chambers became wider
all around because they're supporting
ledges in the wall of the temple
ascended like steps
therefore the width of the structure
increased as one went up from the lowest
story to the highest by way of the
middle one I also saw an elevation all
around the temple it was the foundation
of the side chambers a full rod that is
six cubits high the thickness of the
outer wall of the side chambers was five
cubits and so also the remaining Terrace
by the place of the side chambers of the
temple and between it and the wall
chambers was a width of 20 cubits all
around the temple on every side
the doors of the side chambers opened on
the terrace one door toward the north
and another toward the south and the
width of the terrace was five cubits all
around the building that faced the
separating courtyard at its western end
was seventy cubits wide the wall of the
building was five cubits thick all
around and its length ninety cubits so
he measured the temple 100 cubits long
and the separating courtyard with the
building and its walls was 100 cubits
long also the width of the eastern face
of the temple including the separating
courtyard was 100 cubits he measured the
length of the building behind it
facing the separating courtyard with its
galleries on the one side and on the
other side 100 cubits as well as the
inner temple and the porches of the
court their doorposts and the beveled
window frames and the galleries all
around their three storeys opposite the
threshold were paneled with wood from
the ground to the windows the windows
were covered from the space above the
door even to the inner room as well as
outside and on every wall all around
inside and outside I measure
and it was made with cherubim and palm
trees a palm tree between cherub and
cherub each cherub had two faces so that
the face of a man was toward a palm tree
on one side and the face of a young lion
toward a palm tree on the other side
thus it was made throughout the temple
all around from the floor to the space
above the door and on the wall of the
sanctuary cherubim and palm trees were
carved the doorposts of the temple were
square as was the front of the sanctuary
their appearance was similar the altar
was of wood three cubits high and it's
length two cubits its corners its length
and its sides were of wood and he said
to me this is the table that is before
the Lord the temple and the sanctuary
had two doors the doors had two panels
apiece two folding panels two panels for
one door and two panels for the other
door cherubim and palm trees were carved
on the doors of the temple just as they
were carved on the walls a wooden canopy
was on the front of the vestibule
outside there were beveled window frames
and palm trees on one side and on the
other on the sides of the vestibule also
on the side chambers of the temple and
on the canopies
you